Spc stuff with the Hotel SPC from EarthBound
Written by BlueStone.



In the Hotel Theme SPC go to 0x0049c5. You should see 9F A4 A6 A7 A9 24 AB 06 AC AB. That means:
G note, C note, D note, D# note, F note, Set folling notes to 24 duration, G note, Set following notes to 06 duration, G# note, G note.

As you can see, any numbers that appear after a note set the duration for all the notes that are played after.

Now for the next part. Volume and staccato-ness.

In the Hotel Theme SPC again, go to 0x0049c0. That 6D sets the volume and staccato-ness of all the notes after until it is set again. The D in 6D sets the volume. If you change it to 0, that instrument's volume gets set to 0. If you change it to F, the volume gets changed to the loudest.

The 6 in 6D sets the staccato-ness. If you change it to 0, the notes will be played very suddenly. If you set it to 7 (which is the highest you can set it because it goes buggy if it's any higher) the notes will be played legato (smoothly).

Each instrument has a tempo. To change the tempo for the main melody, go to 0x0049BF. That byte sets the tempo. The lower the byte is, the faster the instrument plays. Apparently the highest(slowest) this tempo can be is 7F.

Here's how to change what instrument the Bass is. The Bass doesn't change its instrument until after the song plays through once. Change the byte at 0x0049BE to get the following sounds. Sometimes though, what you change it to can cause some effects to other instruments.

C9 Default horn sound
CA Ness walking in Magicant
CB Cash register
CC Door closing
CD Going downstairs
CE Onett guitar
CF Drum snare
D0 Onett guitar 2
D1 Onett guitar 3
D2 Whistle instrument
D3 Static
D4 Metal sound?
D5 Metal sound2?
D6 Metal sound3?
D7 Metal sound4?
D8 Metal sound5?
D9 Onett guitar 4?
DA Unknown
DB Unknown
DC Unknown
DD Unknown
DE Unknown
DF Unknown
E0 Plucking sound
E1 Horn sound?
E2 Panning horn sound?
E3 Horn sound?
E4 Horn sound?
E5 Low volume on instruments(Effect)
E6 Low volume on some instruments(Effect)
E7 Play song really really fast(Effect)
E8 Play song really really fast(Effect)
E9 Weird effect
EA Horn sound?
EB Horn Sound?
EC Horn sound?
ED Horn sound?
EE Horn sound?
EF All instruments turn off(Effect)
F0 Horn sound?
F1 Horn sound?
F2 Turn instrument off(Effect)
F3 Horn sound?
F4 Horn sound?
F5 Horn sound?
F6 Horn sound?
F7 Everything turns top STATIC AHHH!
F8 Some instruments get a reverb effect(Effect)
F9 Horn sound?
FA Horn sound?
FB Horn sound?
FC Turn instrument off(Effect)
FD All instruments turn off(Effect)
FE Horn sound?
FF All instruments turn off(Effect)

*Whew!*