Ness stands at the edge of a cliff near what was once a bustling human city.  His back is turned to us, but we can tell he's about five years older than last we saw him.  His classic red hat is on backwards, and he is sporting a hooded maroon sweater.  The young man holds a rather sizable double-barreled shotgun loosely in one hand.  The weapon is battered-looking and has obviously seen more than its share of harsh treatment.  It is dusk now, and the fading light of the Sun marks the world with a red-orange hue.

The town below is not as he once knew it.  Very little plant life still exists - all that stands is unhealthy, brown-colored grasses.  The entirety of the city - every building, street, lamp post, down to the last square inch - is gone.  In its place stands an industrial-looking alien base.

Taking up approximately 60% of the land area is an immense building, like a step pyramid forty stories tall.  The entire facility is composed of a mysterious purple metal, much like that which Ness and his friends encountered in the Stonehenge Base a half-decade ago.  Catwalks, hatches, piping, vents and windows cover virtually every square inch of the base's surface, save one large spot the size of a football field.  In that otherwise blank area, the insignia of the Starmen stands out, glowing brightly.

Standing around this massive tower are smaller buildings of every size and shape imaginable, though none of them reach higher than 5 or 10 stories.  All composed of the same purple metal, most of them are connected to the main building by metallic tubes running between them.  The irridescence of the base's architechture illuminates the lower levels of the alien city with an almost ultraviolet glow.  Overlooking this whole scene is the moon, hanging low in the summer sky;  its surface is spattered with the markings of a massive alien city, architecturally similar of the one just ahead.  This is the final step of the journey...  from here on, there can be no turning back.  Ness tightens his grip on the handle of his shotgun, and makes his way down the cliffside, to the nightmare that awaits below.

-------------

Technical requirements:

Size = 256 x 224
Color = 256 colors
Format = 256-color .bmp
