[Scene - Blackness.  Wait 5 seconds]
[Music: Prayer (Quiet)]

(Large central window)
The adventure had been over for seven years, that day.  My friends and I had gone our seperate ways...  we still kept in touch, and saw each other on a regular basis... but most of all we went back to being normal kids.  Well, as normal as a prince, a genius, a psychic, and the hero of Earth could be.  Thankfully, the media honored our request to be left in peace.  My life had been perfect until that day.

The day that...  ...they returned.

[Fade to black]
[Silence.  We see ourselves against a plate of stars.  As a UFO passes by the screen, the screen rumbles with its passing.]

[Fade to white]
[New Scene - Outside Onett City Hall]
[Music: Giygas - Battle Phase One]
[Ness and several Onett police officers stand near the edge of the forest.  A few large UFOs fly over their heads.  These UFOs are huge - as huge as the SPT will allow.]

Cop 1: (!)  Jesus!!  Look at the size of that thing!
Cop 2: [Turns, uses radio] Bravo team, bogies are en route to your location!
Ness: It won't be long now...  be ready for anything.
Cop 2: [Hangs up radio, turns back] I don't get it!  Why would they send so many ships to a little town like this?
Ness: ...
Cop 3: H...[10 05] h...[10 01] here they coooome!

[A handful of Giygans approach from the west.  Both cops and aliens begin firing at each other.  Shouts ring out left and right...  Another UFO passes over as both Giygans and humans fall.  Ness fires a blast of PSI Rockin', vaporizing the enemy force.  More Giygans approach, from the south, this time.  Radio transmissions can be heard - Echo team is falling back...  Delta team is annihlated...  Charlie team reports that the hospital has fallen...  Ness fires a few blasts of Paralysis, and beats on a Giygan that jumps at him.  Soon there is a break in the action.]

Cop 3: Ted, hold on...  [Uses radio]  This is Alpha team!  We need a medic!

[As the cops count their losses, Ness looks up.  A UFO teleports in over their position.]

Ness: No...  RUN!!!

[The cops all look at Ness, then look up.  They try to scatter, but it's too late.  Bolts of elecrticity shower the ground around Ness.  The screen fades out a la the Phase Distorter, to blackness.]

[Music: Prayer (Quiet)]

(Large central window)
It all happened so fast...  I don't remember much.  Just a flash of pain, and then...

A gentle voice... and a firm grasp in the darkness.  Somebody pulled me out of the battle.  I don't know who, or how...  I didn't wake up for about a week.  Found myself in a hospital, in Winters.  It wasn't very pretty...  They tried to break it to me easily.  I remember exactly what the doctor said, to this day...

"Ness... son...  I don't know how to tell you this."

"No, no... you're going to be all right.  You just need time to rest and recover from your injuries..."

*sigh* "Ness, you're not going to be able to go home..."

"Please, calm down."

"The aliens... we lost contact with the Western Hemisphere some time ago...  I... I'm sorry, Ness.  Eagleland has been occupied."

I was confused, angry, and a little scared.  And that's when it all came crashing down on me.  I leapt out of my bed, summoned all my strength, and tried to teleport home...  A moment later, I found myself on the floor with a bloody nose.  Whatever has knocked me out, had drained my PSI powers as well.  Instead of going home, I had literally hit a brick wall.

That was the end of that chapter in my life.  Since then, I've been trying to just live my life.  Winters has remained ignored by the Giygans, mysteriously, so there's plenty of work for an average guy to do.  Jeff is here, and we still have time for fun.  Stopping Giygas, traveling the world, saving the human race...  ...Paula...  ...they're all from another life.  One that I left long ago.  I can't imagine I'll ever be part of it again...