[Over Fourside at night: Chaos Theater music]

Text: "Eagleland, 200X A.D."

[Inside the Topolla Theater.  There are now tables and chairs.]
(Ness, Paula, and Jeff sit at a table near the stage together.  A new band, The Unmentionables, are on stage setting up.)

Jeff:  I wonder if he's gonna show.
Paula: Don't worry, he's coming...  I'm sure of it.
Ness:  He certainly has been different since the coronation...  I'm a little worried about him, to be honest.
Jeff:  Ah, well, I'm sure it's nothing he can't handle.  I mean, how bad could things be in Dalaam, anyway?

[Dalaam - Giygas 1]
(Poo stands at the Point of Mu, a line of warriors standing along the edge of the mountain.  A monk approaches the precipice and shouts to Poo.)

Monk: Sire, the women and children are safely within the palace!
Poo:  Good.  Bar the doors and take them to the inner sanctum.

(Poo turns his gaze to the skies above.  A point of white light is shining off in the distance.)

Poo:  Prepare yourselves... the battle is about to begin.

(The Dalaamese guards spin around in place in a cool fashion.  The light flickers for a moment, then shoots off to the right.  Poo looks northeast, then east, and watches as a massive UFO flies overhead.  The monks panic.  Poo is shocked, but quickly takes charge.)

Poo:  People of Dalaam, compose yourselves!

(The monks stop where they are and look at Poo.)

Poo:  Why did they not attack?  I was sure they intended to fight me...  Where else might they be going?

(A brief pause.  The monks talk quietly among themselves.  Suddenly, one has an epiphany.)

Monk: Sire, were you not invited to attend a musical performance with the other Fated Ones tonight?

(Poo is shocked again.)

Poo:  Yes, you're right...  I had almost forgotten.  (Turns to face the screen)  I must warn them, before it's too late!

(Poo vanishes vertically and the screen fades to white.)

[Topolla Theater - Chaos Theater]

Mike:  Thanks, everybody.  Now, this next song is a real crowd pleaser...  I think you'll all enjoy it.  This is "Mike the Leper Leprechaun!"

(The music fades and the Unmentionables get ready to rock.  Suddenly, Poo vertically teleports in next to John.  The two stare at each other.)

John:  What the hell?!
Poo:   Give me that.

(Poo turns and grabs the microphone.)

Paula: Poo?
Jeff:  He sure knows how to make an entrance.

Poo:   Ness, we've got trouble.  We must evacuate the city, immediately.
Ness:  Why?  What's going on?
Poo:   There's no time to explain... they could be here at any --

(Giygan soldiers teleport into the room.  One teleports directly behind John.)

John:  Another one of you punks?  Don't you know it's not polite to interrupt people when they're doing something?

(John bashes the Giygan over the head with his guitar.  It falls.  And thus the battle begins.)