ZEXONYTE PHYSICS
----------------
By michael_cayer

Zexonyte can be converted to energy directly in a process similar to nuclear fission. Alarming
amounts of energy are stored in it; a chunk the size of a finger can keep a large city powered
for several days with this process. It was the first way the Giygans used Zexonyte - because it
lacked the radioactive aspect of uranium and other materials, and was significantly safer, the
Giygan Empire switched over rapidly, abandoning nuclear fuels.

Ceaseless experimenting, however, indicated Zexonyte's true possibilities. When infused with
specific energy patterns, it would begin to become dimensionally unstable. This process resulted
in a literal torrent of energy from the rift created; however, this could not be easily controlled
or used.

Further experiments led to specific portal locations. Near-instant travel became possible; and
with it, a new possibility appeared. By linking to other dimensions, they could tap energy and
use it for their own purposes. A firestorm erupted over the ethics of such a thing, which ended
with the process being deemed "too potentially hazardous" - what if an advanced alien
civilization detected the drain? If it was deemed as an agressive act, they could end up embroiled
in a war.

However, an answer appeared soon after that settled the issue more completely.

To transfer matter via Zexonyte field, it was required to infuse both with the same energy pattern
and inverse specific aspects of the waves. Why this was necessary was unknown at first; it was
simply known that any error would result in a field that had unpredictable, and sometimes lethal,
results.

The answer, put simply, was that Zexonyte did not - and could not - transmit matter as it was. It
converted matter to energy, sent it through and restored it; hence the inverted wave portions. Later
advances resulted in conversion of waste to pure energy, which led to the modern Giygan Zexonyte
reactor.

REACTION PROCESS
----------------

1) The Zexonyte Shell is energized with a protective countercurrent.
2) The Zexonyte Core is energized via a pulse carried to it from wires within the Spire.
3) The chamber becomes dimensionally unstable; the mass is converted to energy and enters the
   rift.
4) The Core switches to a different wave; the energy returns, and is not converted back
   into matter. This energy clings to the Core.
5) The Core switches waves once again, and begins drawing in the energy.
6) The energy is in turn leeched from the Zexonyte via a hidden system in the Spire. This connects
   to the power grid for the facility/base/city.